update setuptools link (#807)
pypa/packaging.python.org: source/guides/distributing-packages-using-setuptools.rst

the directory containing the package.

> For more information, see `Including Data Files
> <https://setuptools.readthedocs.io/en/latest/userguide/datafiles.html>`_
> from the `setuptools docs <https://setuptools.readthedocs.io>`_.

Reviewer: How about we use intersphinx?
```suggestion
For more information, see :std:doc:`Including Data Files
<setuptools:userguide/datafiles>`
from the :std:doc:`setuptools docs <setuptools:index>`.
```
This would require adding a `setuptools` entry to https://github.com/pypa/packaging.python.org/blob/c3d4b22/source/conf.py#L377.
